babel-plugin-transform-wpcalypso-async: add ignore option that removes async-loaded modules from build (#46100)
Automattic/wp-calypso: packages/babel-plugin-transform-wpcalypso-async/README.md

`asyncRequire` will transform to one of:

- dynamic `import()` if `async` plugin option is `true`
- static `require` if `async` plugin option is `false` or unset

> - nothing (will be removed and no module will be imported) if the `ignore` plugin o

Reviewer: Seems like we were intending to finish this sentence. Perhaps something like:

```suggestion
- nothing (will be removed and no module will be imported) if the `ignore` plugin option is set
```

Author: Haha, seems I abandoned the editor in the middle of typing 😃 Fixed.
